i was new games games for playstation
3 playstation 4 and xbox the year in media
digital
Come on, let's go guys at youtube, beauty.
No one speaks once more to help.
bringing another video for you guys
everyone much more welcome to my
Nothing, at this moment we are
here with another streak of speedy tests
and this time I just wanted to
thank lucas adriel souza because
asked here in the video the dominator versus
judge the athlete so we'll do it
now it came out gay beauty and then
Come on, people, we'll confirm here.
Let's continue to be ready for
to play in white do not pick up the girl from
turbinada and also we will make it point to
point the ghost run ghost let's
over there
and another thing that is the second video here
simply the new one of the new
back and make sure you have created the link
but also take off their curls with
Your friends will be accelerating strong.
Rain can stop the gang not only one is
two is think of two very good cars is
American muscles are expensive
Rules suck are to receive the
Ball show that the short hell
How can you see here Rio de Janeiro?
he is starting there
I think they complete ball guys because we
that cut point to point advantageously
has no way to get the cow has no way
you simply autograph and take away
the face of the move
You're seeing this lane is a little
better here than the other right
Come on, let's find another point.
We better change, we're not.
doing some tests right now that's it
so come on dominator sent me
with the considerable difference of the boy
so now is the time to see the difference
we finished here in 41 seconds 254
thousandths let's settle on wood
let it go
the show can not stop the crowd then the
pec with the difference from one to the other
Some winner brs arm so let's go here
sure the dominator in finished 0 41 254
cat of the 0 42 78 6 so I'm giving
continuation thus continuing here
As soon as it's ready, I'll come back with
you and us
I went back, guys, here we go, now I go.
with the car to hear what each chedid
go with the miner then go there
confirming settings confirmed here
ready to play and let's go with
the show can not stop so let's go
Let's hurry hard to see which one goes.
be the outcome of that bagasse and / or
put the time of the time let's go let's go
it's like giving a little bit the characteristic
leave the day he ended that lucas
in the morning here at this place in the morning
It really just is in the morning and
a crazy woman who stays at dawn
inside
Come on, guys, accelerating strong.
remembering that the circuit has changed and that
also in the descriptions is in the
video description the link for you can
add to being ground anything other than
walk to you much more
important that it will only be accepted
suggestions now if you enter the
channel fanpage that I'll want with
this you will know the campaign of the
channel and knowing the channel purchase
you will not run out of right video
guys that every time they leave
simply I can there in the fan page
so if you want to give your suggestion
go to facebook.com barricade yourself
you'll just be able to post it
your radio you want
So how do you see, according to the boy?
He could not stand the mine.
boy is 42 seconds point 530 thousandth
Okay, let's see with the time difference.
from a curious so let's leave it here
spend all this celebration to fill
of with your hair Romarinho let's you
Let's go the show can not stop right now.
then the difference between one and another of 41
3079 against 42 15 30 did not want to speak
for you
if you understood if you really
You want to give your vote to whoever and
want your name to go out at the next
streak video
you just go to my fan
page in the fanpage you go there and
simply leave your comment
there is such a car to hire remembering that
It has to be the same category.
so that's why you participate in the next
video and your name is there in the
Uncle of the ward and thank you very much.
You liked being there and liked it more.
still favoritism in the writing of the channel
liked that just sign up
agents are already all regional to
that you can not for any content
thank you very much at all
God bless you a good hug
in these two fat lushes and went